Hello and welcome to one
new video from me today is about it
He wears tu kabul case for iphone 6
and iphone 6 plus go I see you
have my iphone 6 plus here
area so a case attached and me
would like to see you in this video once
present this case and show how
you this on your iphone 6 or 16 plus
I can wish you now
we have fun with this video
First of all with the packaging if we
us the carbon case for our iphone 6
or 6 plus order we see here
this packaging we get
quite simple in black who me
company name to attack and
otherwise this packaging is really
just black and we start
Just let's open it
I put the top side aside
and then we also see the directly
carbon casey now on this example
for the iphone 6 with a hole
there's no apple for the apple
hole shows the same again
then we also have one here
Operating instructions we need
attach both and then here
two more tools so paper tools
which we also need so that we
the pace is also reasonable in ours
iphone iphone 6 or 6 plus attach
we can now start with the
montage that is not that difficult
First of all, you should get your iphone 6
or iphone 6 plus clean the dust
or create other particles scratch
if the carbon case could be on it
and then we start too
Simply put this for the carbon case
on the back and then we take our
iphone and push that on the side
into where the volume rocker is so
this page will be pushed here and
then pressed directly into the case on the
the other side we take the here
Assistance and this will be complete
just here at the power button purely
and now you can do it all
Press down
I'll show you that again here
a little closer you can see here now
this assembly help and on the other
here just the volume rocker and
Now we just push the whole thing in
very slow and careful so not
by force or very carefully
just push in
and the whole thing is not easy
but if you see, click
that here and also above the
clicked here that can happen
your device wants to switch off and
Now the carbon case sits tight you see
everything has worked we can now
pull out this tool here and already
everything is ready the case is perfect
The device was not that complicated
So it only takes a few seconds
and you already have this case on yours
device attached and now we look
the whole thing again from names
if we look at the case of names
we also see this typical directly
carbon pattern and that it is real
carbon which for example also in
Airplanes or cars is installed so
here very high quality materials
the wall is only 0 4 mm thick so
really extremely thin and at the same time
very stable and therefore has yours
iphone is protected in any case
Now we look at times very briefly
recesses we have here once
a recess for the apple
This version is also available without
recess for the apple then we have
here just a complete carbon back
then we have recesses for the
lightning for the microphone and for the
camera and the camera still looks
a little bit out but if you
your iphone is lying down then the
Do not really shine for that anymore
make sure your device is shaking
See that is stable here now when I am
this on the table upside down
Laying and otherwise we have here yet
longer on the sides after that
cover again without removing the case
to damage so here we have so
small savings then look us
now the pages on and have
then right here on the right side
the volume rocker and the new button
the also still without problems
can be reached on the other side
of course, the very classic one around the
power button now on the iphone 6 and
6 plus on the side is at the front
nothing and we have below
recesses for the speakers
conduct
microphone and of course the 35 mm
jack connection on the front side
we have no recess except
of course the display and you can see
have no label design here so the
pace is really right on the device without
that something overcomes and looks like that
then from a distance again from the
backside a really nice case
and now let's compare again
iphone 6 plus and iphone 6 as well as the
Case with and without window for the apple
logo the design between iphone 6 and
Of course, iphone 6 plus is just about the same
that the case is slightly larger due to
the bigger display and the bigger one
iphones but interesting is the
compared to the version without window
So logo for this logo here
we have no recess here and that
then looks like this
Looks complete back completely
carbon and that 's natural
matter of taste what you like better
Personally, I think that's pretty nice
if you still see the apple logo but
if you also protect the apple logo
Of course I would like a case there too
then you can of course also
decide for this variant
what to protect your complete kit
is now generally about this
case say
It is made of real carbon what you have
even more feels very high quality
and generally the feel pretty cool
So it really feels like
this carbon and this carbon look
I think I'm fine too
see if we hear over here
you probably even that we
here have just this carbon look and
accordingly, this case costs
Of course, more than cheaper
Alternatives with a carbon look
but do not produce real carbon
there are of course a matter of taste
if you want to pay more for
real carbon or just one
resort to cheaper alternative
But what the advantage of this real carbon
variant is she is extremely skinny so
we really only have 0 4 millimeters
At the same time this case actually goes away
nothing at all so you hardly notice it when
she lies on the hand and
accordingly, the iphone will neither
thicker even heavier
and at the same time this case is real
stable I would come here again for you
a little against for being only 0 4
mm is thin
her husband can turn but in the
compared to any plastic capes
her wall thickness in the same
it really is already here
difference and your iphone will too
protected if you are here of course
Your apple does not take any savings
protected but without recess is yours
complete back of the iphones protected
and nothing can actually happen
that would be it again
from this video I personally find
This case is pretty cool even if you
comparatively not very favorable
Of course it's a matter of taste whether you
but a little more money for a case
would like to spend out of real carbon or
you do not have to decide for yourself
you will definitely find the link
the shop and in the video description
if you just something
want to inform about the case before
ye you may At length that's it
but then, but otherwise like one
thumb up there leave one
Comment what you write about this
case holds and of course main channel for
subscribe to more videos i thank you
to see me with you and see
Happy if you next time
Turns back on until then it's good
but